C++ vs java->       C++-> platform dependent
                          supports multiple inheritance
                          call by value and call by reference both can be called
                    
                    Java-> platform independent.
                           does not supports multiple inheritance.
                           call by referenced is not allowed as we can unot used pointers in java externally.

JDK,JVM,JRE->     JDK(Java Development Kit) environment used for developing java application. (JRE+tools)
                  It includes JRE(Java Run time environment), javac(java Compiler) and other tools needed for development.
                  
                  JRE-> environment to run java program. Used by end users who only run the java program.
                  JVM(Java Virtual Machine)-> Whenever we run java program , it is the responsibilty of jvm to execute a java program line by line. So, it acts as 
                                              a interpreter.

.Java file conatains the source code.
.class class contians the byte code (Machine level Code).
How java program executes?
Class Loader-> Loads all the necesaary files needed for execution of program.
Byte Code Verifier-> checks all the system requirement whether this program is suitable for that environment or not.
Interpreter-> convert the code so that machine can easily understand the code.
Runtime-> Code will executed and gives the expected output.

final vs static
                  final-> final values just means that valu can not be chnaged. And it means that we can not chnage the reference value of the object.
                  static-> means once assign any variable static we can easily access with in the whole class. And can not crete the object of class for using it.

Why java is not pure oop? in pure oop, everything we treat inside the program as object. But in java we can use primitive datatype.

Constructor is used to inialize the value of object.
Types of constructor-> 1) Default:  If there is no constructor in class compiler will automatically creates the constructor.
                                    Default construtor is used to provide the default value to the object like 0,null depending upon the type.
                       2) Zero Parameter: User defined constructor having no argumnet.
                       3) Parametrized constructor: having paramter. used to provide the different value to distinct objects.

Constructor Overloading-> Having more than one constructor with the different parameter list.

Heap memory vs stack memory:  Memory space allocated to the program to execute.Every time when we create a object that value is stored in heap memory. And the refernce
                              of that variable is stored in stack memory.
                              So stack memory is allocated to contigious memory allocation while in heap it is random order.

Why java not supports mutiple inheritance? Due to amiguity error. And we can achieve multiple inhertiance using interfaces.

this vs super->       this : represent the current instance of the class.
                             so, this is used to call the default constructor of same class.
                             this keyword is used to the same class object.
                      super : represents the current instance of parent class.
                              so, super is used to call the default constructor of parent class.
                              super keyword is used to access the parent class object.
                              
Object class is the parent class of all the classes in java.
toString()-> method of object class in java.
             takes object as an argument.
             used when we retrun string representaion of object.
             returns the hashcode of object.
























